Add replicate take 2 (#2077)
langchain-ai/langchain: docs/ecosystem/replicate.md

# Replicate

> This page covers how to use the Replicate ecosystem within LangChain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page covers how to run models on Replicate within LangChain.
```

## Installation and Setup

> - Create a [Replicate](https://replicate.com) account. Get your api key and set it as an environment variable (`REPLICATE_API_TOKEN`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a [Replicate](https://replicate.com) account. Get your API key and set it as an environment variable (`REPLICATE_API_TOKEN`)
```

- Install the [Replicate python client](https://github.com/replicate/replicate-python) with `pip install replicate`

## Calling a model

> Find a model on the [replicate explore page](https://replicate.com/explore), and then paste in the model name and version in this format: model_name/version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find a model on the [Replicate explore page](https://replicate.com/explore), and then paste in the model name and version in this format: `owner-name/model-name:version`
```

> For example, for this [flan-t5 model]( https://replicate.com/daanelson/flan-t5), click on the API tab. The model name/version would be: `daanelson/flan-t5:04e422a9b85baed86a4f24981d7f9953e20c5fd82f6103b74ebc431588e1cec8`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, for this [flan-t5 model](https://replicate.com/daanelson/flan-t5), click on the API tab. The model name/version would be: `daanelson/flan-t5:04e422a9b85baed86a4f24981d7f9953e20c5fd82f6103b74ebc431588e1cec8`
```

> Only the `model` param is required, but any other model parameters can also be passed in with the format input={model_param: value, ...}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the `model` param is required, but any other model parameters can also be passed in with the format `input={model_param: value, ...}`
```

For example, if we were running stable diffusion and wanted to change the image dimensions:

```
Replicate(model="stability-ai/stable-diffusion:db21e45d3f7023abc2a46ee38a23973f6dce16bb082a930b0c49861f96d1e5bf", input={'image_dimensions': '512x512'})
```

*Note that only the first output of a model will be returned.*
From here, we can initialize our model:

```python
llm = Replicate(model="daanelson/flan-t5:04e422a9b85baed86a4f24981d7f9953e20c5fd82f6103b74ebc431588e1cec8")
```

And run it:

```python
prompt = """
Answer the following yes/no question by reasoning step by step.
Can a dog drive a car?
"""
llm(prompt)
```

> We can call any replicate model (not just LLMs) using this syntax. For example, we can call stable diffusion:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can call any Replicate model (not just LLMs) using this syntax. For example, we can call stable diffusion:
```
